README.md, before:

# Christian Taillon - Personal Website

Personal website and blog for Christian Taillon, Security Engineer and Director of Threat Intelligence.

## About

This site serves as a resource hub for cybersecurity professionals, featuring:

- **Technical Blog Posts**: Guides on Splunk, threat hunting, SOC operations, LLM security, and OSINT
- **Security Cheatsheets**: Quick reference materials for security tools and techniques
- **Projects**: Open-source contributions and threat hunting resources
- **About**: Professional background and expertise

## Tech Stack

- **Framework**: Next.js 15 with React 19
- **Styling**: Tailwind CSS 4
- **Content**: MDX with Contentlayer 2
- **Analytics**: Google Analytics & Umami
- **Comments**: Giscus
- **Newsletter**: Buttondown
- **Deployment**: GitHub Pages

## Development

```bash
# Install dependencies
yarn install

# Run development server
yarn dev

# Build for production
yarn build

# Run production build locally
yarn serve
```

## Content Management

Blog posts are located in `data/blog/` as MDX files. Each post includes frontmatter for metadata:

```yaml
---
title: 'Post Title'
date: '2025-01-01'
tags: ['cybersecurity', 'splunk', 'threat-hunting']
draft: false
summary: 'Brief description of the post'
---
```

## Configuration

Key configuration files:
- `data/siteMetadata.js` - Site-wide settings, analytics, social links
- `data/authors/default.mdx` - Author bio and information
- `data/projectsData.ts` - Projects showcase
- `data/headerNavLinks.ts` - Navigation menu items

## Environment Variables

Create a `.env` file for sensitive configuration:

```env
NEXT_PUBLIC_GISCUS_REPO=
NEXT_PUBLIC_GISCUS_REPOSITORY_ID=
NEXT_PUBLIC_GISCUS_CATEGORY=
NEXT_PUBLIC_GISCUS_CATEGORY_ID=
NEXT_UMAMI_ID=
```

## License

MIT © Christian Taillon

---

Built with [Tailwind Nextjs Starter Blog](https://github.com/timlrx/tailwind-nextjs-starter-blog)

Commit message:

Remove unnecessary features (analytics, comments, newsletter)
Simplified the portfolio site by removing:
- Giscus comments system
- Umami analytics integration
- Buttondown newsletter functionality

Changes include:
- Removed components/Comments.tsx
- Removed app/api/newsletter/route.ts
- Updated all layouts to remove Comments component
- Updated ScrollTopAndComment.tsx to remove comment scroll button
- Removed analytics from app/layout.tsx
- Removed newsletter form from app/Main.tsx and MDXComponents.tsx
- Cleaned up data/siteMetadata.js configuration
- Updated CSP headers in next.config.js
- Simplified .env.example
- Updated README.md to reflect simpler tech stack

This is now a clean portfolio site focused on content without external services.

README.md, after:

# Christian Taillon - Personal Website

Personal website and blog for Christian Taillon, Security Engineer and Director of Threat Intelligence.

## About

This site serves as a resource hub for cybersecurity professionals, featuring:

- **Technical Blog Posts**: Guides on Splunk, threat hunting, SOC operations, LLM security, and OSINT
- **Security Cheatsheets**: Quick reference materials for security tools and techniques
- **Projects**: Open-source contributions and threat hunting resources
- **About**: Professional background and expertise

## Tech Stack

- **Framework**: Next.js 15 with React 19
- **Styling**: Tailwind CSS 4
- **Content**: MDX with Contentlayer 2
- **Deployment**: GitHub Pages

## Development

```bash
# Install dependencies
yarn install

# Run development server
yarn dev

# Build for production
yarn build

# Run production build locally
yarn serve
```

## Content Management

Blog posts are located in `data/blog/` as MDX files. Each post includes frontmatter for metadata:

```yaml
---
title: 'Post Title'
date: '2025-01-01'
tags: ['cybersecurity', 'splunk', 'threat-hunting']
draft: false
summary: 'Brief description of the post'
---
```

## Configuration

Key configuration files:
- `data/siteMetadata.js` - Site-wide settings, analytics, social links
- `data/authors/default.mdx` - Author bio and information
- `data/projectsData.ts` - Projects showcase
- `data/headerNavLinks.ts` - Navigation menu items

## Environment Variables

No external services are configured. This is a simple portfolio site without analytics, comments, or newsletter features.

## License

MIT © Christian Taillon

---

Built with [Tailwind Nextjs Starter Blog](https://github.com/timlrx/tailwind-nextjs-starter-blog)
